README.md, before:

# redux-time: Functional, declarative, redux animations  [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/redux-time.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/redux-time)  [![Github Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Monadical-SAS/redux-time.svg)](https://github.com/Monadical-SAS/redux-time) [![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/thesquashSH)

▶️ [Intro](#intro) | [Walkthrough](#walkthrough-example) | [Info & Motivation](#info--motivation) | [Links](#links) | [Documentation](#documentation) | [Examples](https://monadical-sas.github.io/redux-time/examples/) | [Source](https://github.com/Monadical-SaS/redux-time/)

**[LIVE DEMOS](https://monadical-sas.github.io/redux-time/examples/)**

Redux-Time is a library that allows you to compute your state tree as a function of time.  It's primarily used for animations, but it can also be used for generically changing any redux state as time progresses.

Generally, there are two different categories of animations on websites:

 - content transitions (e.g. effects when adding/deleting a list item, hover effects, photo gallery transitions, etc)
 - **full-blown interactive dynamic animations** (like in games)

Redux-time is designed for the second case.  If you want simple CSS content transitions and aren't building complex videogame-style animations, check out [react-transition-group](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/animation.html) instead.

```bash
yarn add redux-time
```
Check it out in action on the [demo](https://monadical-sas.github.io/redux-time/examples/demo.html) page, or follow the [walkthrough example](#walkthrough-example) below.  At [Monadical](https://monadical.com) we use `redux-time` for animating ethereum-backed browser-based poker ([come help us build it](https://monadical.com/apply)!).

<img src="examples/ball_screenshot.png" width="600px" alt="Ball Demo Screenshot"/>

## Key Features

- all state is a function of the current point in time
- time-travel debugging (e.g. slow down, reverse, jump to point in time)
- compose animations with pure functions e.g.: `Repeat(Rotate(...), 10)`
- define animations with a Javscript `tick` function or with CSS keyframes
- seamlessly animate existing React + Redux codebase without major changes
- animate any state tree value manually, or use provided Animation functions for common animations e.g.: `Translate`, `Rotate`, `Opacity`
- works in all browsers with `requestAnimationFrame` and in node with `setTimemout`
- it's fast! computing state takes about `0.5ms` per 100 active animations (the bottleneck is usually React & the DOM, check out [Inferno] + canvas if you really want speed!)

## Intro

Redux-time makes complex, interactive, composable animations possible by using the redux single-source-of-truth state tree model, and extending it with the idea of time.

Redux is already capable of time-travel currently, however you cant slow down the speed of time, reverse time, or jump to a specific point in time since redux only knows about the list of actions and has no first-class conept of time.  This library makes time a first-class concept, and gives you careful control over its progression.

What that means specifically, is that every time a `TICK` action is dispatched with a `current_timestamp` parameter, the `animations` reducer looks through the active animations in `animations.queue`, calls their respective `tick` functions with a `delta` parameter, and uses their output to render a state tree at that point in time.

The `AnimationHandler` dispatches a `TICK` action on every `requestAnimationFrame`, and as long as all your active tick functions complete in <20ms, the page can render thousands of simultaneous animations smoothly.  When used with `node` outside of a browser it uses `setTimout`, though you can easily turn off time progression and call `TICK` manually instead.

Every tick function is a pure function of the `start_state`, `end_state`, and delta from `start_time`.  This makes animations really easy to reason about compared to traditional solutions.  Debugging is also drastically simpler, since you can slow down and even **reverse** the flow of time to carefully inspect animtion progress!

## Walkthrough Example

1. First we create a redux store, and start the animation runloop with our initial state

```javascript
import {createStore, combineReducers} from 'redux'
import {animations, startAnimation} from 'redux-time'

const initial_state = {
    ball: {style: {top: 0, left: 0}},
}
window.store = createStore(combineReducers({animations}))
window.time = startAnimation(store, initial_state)
```

2. Then we create a component to render our state

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom'
import {connect, Provider} from 'react-redux'

const BallComponent = ({ball}) =>
    <div className="ball" style={ball.style}></div>

const mapStateToProps = ({animations}) => ({
    ball: animations.state.ball,
    // You could also merge the animated state with state you manage elsewhere in the tree.
})

const Ball = connect(mapStateToProps)(BallComponent)

ReactDOM.render(
    <Provider store={window.store}>
        <Ball/>
    </Provider>,
    document.getElementById('react')
)
```

3. Then we dispatch an animation to move the ball

```javascript
import {Translate} from 'redux-time/src/animations'

const move_ball = [
    Translate({
        path: '/ball',
        start_state: {top: 0, left: 0},
        end_state: {top: 100, left: 0},
        duration: 1000,
        // start_time: (new Date).getTime() + 500,   // optional, defaults to starting immediately
        // curve: 'easeOutQuad',                     // optional, defaults to 'linear'
        // unit: '%',                                // optional, defaults to 'px'
    })
]

window.store.dispatch({type: 'ANIMATE', animations: move_ball})
```

**You're done!** The proper intermediate state is calculated from the animation and rendered on every tick, and the ball moves on the screen!

See the demo of this code in action here: [ball.html](https://monadical-sas.github.io/redux-time/examples/ball.html), and the full code for the example in [`examples/ball.js`](https://github.com/Monadical-SaS/redux-time/blob/master/examples/ball.js)

## Info & Motivation

After spending almost a year contemplating how to do declarative animations cleanly at [Monadical](https://monadical.com), we realized that all state can be represented as composed functions that depend only on a delta from their start time.

On the way we tried many other solutions from using jQuery animations, to react-transition-group, to janky manual approaches w/ `setTimout`.  Since all those are designed with content transitions in mind, nothing really "clicked" and felt like a clean way to do interactive game animations.

Finally, we settled on the state tree as a function of time approach, and wrote some common animation definition functions, then ported our old UI over!  We feel this library is worth taking a look at if you want to do game-style animations in a declarative, React-friendly manner.

## How it works

1. `redux-time` dispatches a `TICK` action on every `requestAnimationFrame`, which then hits the `animations` reducer.
2. In the animations reducer, `redux-time` uses the TICK's `current_timestamp` and each animation's `start_state` to compute the intermediate state generated by every animation.  Each animation has a function like: `tick(delta) => {return (delta/duration)*amt}` which is passed the delta from its `start_time`.
3. Finally, all the state produced from each active animation is merged into one object and some translation is done to convert `style`s from dictionaries of values to valid CSS strings (e.g. `{transform: {translate: {top: 0, left: 10}}}` -> `transform: translate(10, 0)`)
The dictionary is returned as the new `animations.state`, and redux then rerenders any components that got new values.

```javascript
// happens on every requestAnimationFrame
store.dispatch({type: 'TICK', current_timestamp: 1499000000})

// animatons reducer uses the Translate animation.tick(delta) to calculate its animated state, e.g.:

ball: {
    style: {top: 55, left: 0},
},
```

Redux re-renders components automatcially whenever the state they subscribe to with `mapStateToProps` changes.  New animated state is immediately rendered after the `animations` reducer returns, and the position of the ball updates on the screen!
This process repeats on every animation frame, and the ball state changes on every `TICK` until the animtion finishes.

## Contributing

We'd love see PR's or issues opened if you have questions or suggestions!

If possible, when submitting an issue report, try to copy one of the `examples/` files and modify it to illustrate your reproduceable error.

## Links

- [React Docs on Animation](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/animation.html)
- [React-Transition-Group](https://github.com/reactjs/react-transition-group/tree/v1-stable) library to add component lifecycle CSS transitions
- React-Transition-Group walkthrough article:  [UI Animations with React — The Right Way](https://medium.com/@joethedave/achieving-ui-animations-with-react-the-right-way-562fa8a91935)
- [GSAP](https://greensock.com/gsap): incredibly robust, stable, well-supported Javascript animations library
- [react-animations](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-animations) CSS animations usable with inline-style libraries like StyledComponents
- [react-animate](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-animate) library for defining component transitions by extending the React.Component class
- React.rocks: [animation examples](https://react.rocks/tag/Animation)
- [Animate.css](https://github.com/daneden/animate.css/blob/master/animate.css): repository of great css animations (usable with redux-time)

# Documentation

Documentation is a work-in-progress, for now refer to the `examples/` to see how the library works.  The code is short, and easy to read!

## Basics

### Installation

### Getting Started

### Rendering Animated State

### Animations

Animations are defined in `redux-time` as normal JS objects with the following keys:

```javascript
{
    type,        // human readable description, e.g. TRANSLATE or OPACITY
    path,        // an RFC-6902 style javascript patch path, e.g. /ball/style/top or /path/to/array/0
    start_time,  // ddetermines when animation is active, defaults to immediately (new Date).getTime()
    duration,    // duration of the animation in ms
    end_time,    // optional instead of duration
    start_state, // initial state of the animation, e.g. {top: 0, left:0}
    amt,         // total amount to add to the start_state, e.g. {top: 10, left: 0}
    end_state,   // optional instead of amt
    curve,       // timing interpolation curve, can be a custom function like bezier() or 'linear', 'easeInOutQuad', etc.
    unit,        // defaults to 'px', can also be 'vw', '%', 'em', null, etc.
    tick,        // function that takes delta from start_time and returns a computed state at that point in time, defaults to:
                 //  tick: (delta) => {
                 //      const progress = start_state + curve_func(delta/duration)*amt        
                 //      return `${progress}${unit}`
                 //  }      
}
```

On each frame, `computeAnimatedState` in `reducers.js` runs through all the animation `tick` functions,
and applies the computed results as patches to the specified location `path` in the state tree.

Typically, you wont create animaitons objects by hand, but rather use some of the provided animation functions.

```javascript
import {...} from 'redux-time/src/animations' 

// Basics

    // set some state without animating.  not everything is animates, some stuff you want to have 
    // snap into place instantly. Become is the most common "animation" of all.
    Become({path, state, start_time, end_time=Infinity, duration=Infinity})

    // the building block of all others, just interpolates a raw value or object
    // over some time, at the specified path, with the specified tick function
    Animate({type, path, start_time, end_time, duration, start_state, end_state, amt, curve='linear', unit=null, tick=null})

// CSS Animations

    // animate an animation defined in CSS  .e.g  @keyframes blinker {from {opacity: 1.0;} to {opacity: 0.0;}}
    AnimateCSS({name="blinker", path, start_time, end_time, duration=1000, curve='linear'})

// JS Animations

    // move an element relative to its current position, using transform: translate(x, y)
    Translate({path, start_time, end_time, duration=1000, start_state, end_state, amt, curve='linear', unit='px'})

    // move an element's absolute or fixed position using {top, left}
    TranslateTo({path, start_time, end_time, duration=1000, start_state, end_state, amt, curve='linear', unit='px'})

    // aniamte an element changing opacity
    Opacity({path, start_time, end_time, duration, start_state, end_state, amt, curve='linear', unit=null})

    // rotate an element using transform: rotate(deg)
    Rotate({path, start_time, end_time, duration, start_state, end_state, amt, curve='linear', unit='deg'})

// Composable Higher-Order Animations (aka functions)

    // make each animation in a sequence start after the last one ends
    Sequential(animations, start_time)

    // repeat a single animation or set of animations simultaneously
    Repeat(animations, repeat=Infinity)
    
    // repeat a sequential list of animations
    RepeatSequence(animations, repeat, start_time)

    // reverse a single animation or set of animations simultaneously
    Reverse(animations)
    
    // reverse a sequence of animations in order
    ReverseSequence(animations, start_time)
```

### Queueing Animations

## Advanced

### Custom Animations

**Composing Existing Animations**

**Custom JS Tick Functions**

### Writing CSS Animations

**JS Tick + CSS Transform**

**JS Tick + CSS Animation**

### Optimization

**React Optimization**

**Redux Optimization**

**Redux-Time Optimization**

## Troubleshooting

---
<img src="examples/static/jeremy.jpg" height="40px" style="float:right"/>

MIT License | [Monadical](https://monadical.com) SAS 2017 ([we're hiring!](https://monadical.com/apply))

Commit message:

add note about double-nesting

README.md, after:

# redux-time: Functional, declarative, redux animations  [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/redux-time.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/redux-time)  [![Github Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Monadical-SAS/redux-time.svg)](https://github.com/Monadical-SAS/redux-time) [![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/thesquashSH)

▶️ [Intro](#intro) | [Walkthrough](#walkthrough-example) | [Info & Motivation](#info--motivation) | [Links](#links) | [Documentation](#documentation) | [Examples](https://monadical-sas.github.io/redux-time/examples/) | [Source](https://github.com/Monadical-SaS/redux-time/)

**[LIVE DEMOS](https://monadical-sas.github.io/redux-time/examples/)**

Redux-Time is a library that allows you to compute your state tree as a function of time.  It's primarily used for animations, but it can also be used for generically changing any redux state as time progresses.

Generally, there are two different categories of animations on websites:

 - content transitions (e.g. effects when adding/deleting a list item, hover effects, photo gallery transitions, etc)
 - **full-blown interactive dynamic animations** (like in games)

Redux-time is designed for the second case.  If you want simple CSS content transitions and aren't building complex videogame-style animations, check out [react-transition-group](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/animation.html) instead.

```bash
yarn add redux-time
```
Check it out in action on the [demo](https://monadical-sas.github.io/redux-time/examples/demo.html) page, or follow the [walkthrough example](#walkthrough-example) below.  At [Monadical](https://monadical.com) we use `redux-time` for animating ethereum-backed browser-based poker ([come help us build it](https://monadical.com/apply)!).

<img src="examples/ball_screenshot.png" width="600px" alt="Ball Demo Screenshot"/>

## Key Features

- all state is a function of the current point in time
- time-travel debugging (e.g. slow down, reverse, jump to point in time)
- compose animations with pure functions e.g.: `Repeat(Rotate(...), 10)`
- define animations with a Javscript `tick` function or with CSS keyframes
- seamlessly animate existing React + Redux codebase without major changes
- animate any state tree value manually, or use provided Animation functions for common animations e.g.: `Translate`, `Rotate`, `Opacity`
- works in all browsers with `requestAnimationFrame` and in node with `setTimemout`
- it's fast! computing state takes about `0.5ms` per 100 active animations (the bottleneck is usually React & the DOM, check out [Inferno] + canvas if you really want speed!)

## Intro

Redux-time makes complex, interactive, composable animations possible by using the redux single-source-of-truth state tree model, and extending it with the idea of time.

Redux is already capable of time-travel currently, however you cant slow down the speed of time, reverse time, or jump to a specific point in time since redux only knows about the list of actions and has no first-class conept of time.  This library makes time a first-class concept, and gives you careful control over its progression.

What that means specifically, is that every time a `TICK` action is dispatched with a `current_timestamp` parameter, the `animations` reducer looks through the active animations in `animations.queue`, calls their respective `tick` functions with a `delta` parameter, and uses their output to render a state tree at that point in time.

The `AnimationHandler` dispatches a `TICK` action on every `requestAnimationFrame`, and as long as all your active tick functions complete in <20ms, the page can render thousands of simultaneous animations smoothly.  When used with `node` outside of a browser it uses `setTimout`, though you can easily turn off time progression and call `TICK` manually instead.

Every tick function is a pure function of the `start_state`, `end_state`, and delta from `start_time`.  This makes animations really easy to reason about compared to traditional solutions.  Debugging is also drastically simpler, since you can slow down and even **reverse** the flow of time to carefully inspect animtion progress!

## Walkthrough Example

1. First we create a redux store, and start the animation runloop with our initial state

```javascript
import {createStore, combineReducers} from 'redux'
import {animations, startAnimation} from 'redux-time'

const initial_state = {
    ball: {style: {top: 0, left: 0}},
}
window.store = createStore(combineReducers({animations}))
window.time = startAnimation(store, initial_state)
```

2. Then we create a component to render our state

```javascript
import React from 'react'
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom'
import {connect, Provider} from 'react-redux'

const BallComponent = ({ball}) =>
    <div className="ball" style={ball.style}></div>

const mapStateToProps = ({animations}) => ({
    ball: animations.state.ball,
    // You could also merge the animated state with state you manage elsewhere in the tree.
})

const Ball = connect(mapStateToProps)(BallComponent)

ReactDOM.render(
    <Provider store={window.store}>
        <Ball/>
    </Provider>,
    document.getElementById('react')
)
```

3. Then we dispatch an animation to move the ball

```javascript
import {Translate} from 'redux-time/src/animations'

const move_ball = [
    Translate({
        path: '/ball',
        start_state: {top: 0, left: 0},
        end_state: {top: 100, left: 0},
        duration: 1000,
        // start_time: (new Date).getTime() + 500,   // optional, defaults to starting immediately
        // curve: 'easeOutQuad',                     // optional, defaults to 'linear'
        // unit: '%',                                // optional, defaults to 'px'
    })
]

window.store.dispatch({type: 'ANIMATE', animations: move_ball})
```

**You're done!** The proper intermediate state is calculated from the animation and rendered on every tick, and the ball moves on the screen!

See the demo of this code in action here: [ball.html](https://monadical-sas.github.io/redux-time/examples/ball.html), and the full code for the example in [`examples/ball.js`](https://github.com/Monadical-SaS/redux-time/blob/master/examples/ball.js)

## Info & Motivation

After spending almost a year contemplating how to do declarative animations cleanly at [Monadical](https://monadical.com), we realized that all state can be represented as composed functions that depend only on a delta from their start time.

On the way we tried many other solutions from using jQuery animations, to react-transition-group, to janky manual approaches w/ `setTimout`.  Since all those are designed with content transitions in mind, nothing really "clicked" and felt like a clean way to do interactive game animations.

Finally, we settled on the state tree as a function of time approach, and wrote some common animation definition functions, then ported our old UI over!  We feel this library is worth taking a look at if you want to do game-style animations in a declarative, React-friendly manner.

## How it works

1. `redux-time` dispatches a `TICK` action on every `requestAnimationFrame`, which then hits the `animations` reducer.
2. In the animations reducer, `redux-time` uses the TICK's `current_timestamp` and each animation's `start_state` to compute the intermediate state generated by every animation.  Each animation has a function like: `tick(delta) => {return (delta/duration)*amt}` which is passed the delta from its `start_time`.
3. Finally, all the state produced from each active animation is merged into one object and some translation is done to convert `style`s from dictionaries of values to valid CSS strings (e.g. `{transform: {translate: {top: 0, left: 10}}}` -> `transform: translate(10, 0)`)
The dictionary is returned as the new `animations.state`, and redux then rerenders any components that got new values.

```javascript
// happens on every requestAnimationFrame
store.dispatch({type: 'TICK', current_timestamp: 1499000000})

// animatons reducer uses the Translate animation.tick(delta) to calculate its animated state, e.g.:

ball: {
    style: {top: 55, left: 0},
},
```

Redux re-renders components automatcially whenever the state they subscribe to with `mapStateToProps` changes.  New animated state is immediately rendered after the `animations` reducer returns, and the position of the ball updates on the screen!
This process repeats on every animation frame, and the ball state changes on every `TICK` until the animtion finishes.

## Contributing

We'd love see PR's or issues opened if you have questions or suggestions!

If possible, when submitting an issue report, try to copy one of the `examples/` files and modify it to illustrate your reproduceable error.

## Links

- [React Docs on Animation](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/animation.html)
- [React-Transition-Group](https://github.com/reactjs/react-transition-group/tree/v1-stable) library to add component lifecycle CSS transitions
- React-Transition-Group walkthrough article:  [UI Animations with React — The Right Way](https://medium.com/@joethedave/achieving-ui-animations-with-react-the-right-way-562fa8a91935)
- [GSAP](https://greensock.com/gsap): incredibly robust, stable, well-supported Javascript animations library
- [react-animations](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-animations) CSS animations usable with inline-style libraries like StyledComponents
- [react-animate](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-animate) library for defining component transitions by extending the React.Component class
- React.rocks: [animation examples](https://react.rocks/tag/Animation)
- [Animate.css](https://github.com/daneden/animate.css/blob/master/animate.css): repository of great css animations (usable with redux-time)

# Documentation

Documentation is a work-in-progress, for now refer to the `examples/` to see how the library works.  The code is short, and easy to read!

## Basics

### Installation

### Getting Started

### Rendering Animated State


### Animations

An "animation" in `redux-time` is defined as an Array of normal JS objects with the following keys:

```javascript
[{
    type,        // human readable description, e.g. TRANSLATE or OPACITY
    path,        // an RFC-6902 style javascript patch path, e.g. /ball/style/top or /path/to/array/0
    start_time,  // ddetermines when animation is active, defaults to immediately (new Date).getTime()
    duration,    // duration of the animation in ms
    end_time,    // optional instead of duration
    start_state, // initial state of the animation, e.g. {top: 0, left:0}
    amt,         // total amount to add to the start_state, e.g. {top: 10, left: 0}
    end_state,   // optional instead of amt
    curve,       // timing interpolation curve, can be a custom function like bezier() or 'linear', 'easeInOutQuad', etc.
    unit,        // defaults to 'px', can also be 'vw', '%', 'em', null, etc.
    tick,        // function that takes delta from start_time and returns a computed state at that point in time, defaults to:
                 //  tick: (delta) => {
                 //      const progress = start_state + curve_func(delta/duration)*amt        
                 //      return `${progress}${unit}`
                 //  }      
}]
```

On each frame, `computeAnimatedState` in `reducers.js` runs through all the animation `tick` functions,
and applies the computed results as patches to the specified location `path` in the state tree.

A single animation object can only change one value in the state tree, that's why we've defined a unit of animation
as an array of multiple objects, so that several `tick` functions can be logically grouped together.  This is helpful
for cases such as `TRANSLATE_TO`, which is animation comprised of two animation objects: `TRANSLATE_TO_LEFT` and `TRANSLATE_TO_TOP`.

An "animation sequence" in `redux-time` is a list of several animations, defined as an Array of the Arrays above like so:
```javascript
[
    [{type: ROTATE}], 
    [{type: TRANSLATE_TO_LEFT}, {type: TRANSLATE_TO_TOP}]],
]
```

When queueing up an animation, you can pass either a single "animation" (Array), or an "animation sequence" (double-nested Array):
```javascript
// a single animation
store.dispatch({type: 'ANIMATE', animation: Become(...)})

// an animation sequence
store.dispatch({type: 'ANIMATE', animations: [Become(...), Translate(...), Rotate(...)]})
```
In practice, the double-nesting for sequences is seamless, because all functions which take and produce animations
operate on only their expected types, and throw helpful errors if you pass the wrong type.

Typically, you wont create animations objects by hand, but rather use some of the provided animation functions.

```javascript
import {...} from 'redux-time/src/animations' 

// Basics

    // set some state without animating.  not everything is animates, some stuff you want to have 
    // snap into place instantly. Become is the most common "animation" of all.
    Become({path, state, start_time, end_time=Infinity, duration=Infinity})

    // the building block of all others, just interpolates a raw value or object
    // over some time, at the specified path, with the specified tick function
    Animate({type, path, start_time, end_time, duration, start_state, end_state, amt, curve='linear', unit=null, tick=null})

// CSS Animations

    // animate an animation defined in CSS  .e.g  @keyframes blinker {from {opacity: 1.0;} to {opacity: 0.0;}}
    AnimateCSS({name="blinker", path, start_time, end_time, duration=1000, curve='linear'})

// JS Animations

    // move an element relative to its current position, using transform: translate(x, y)
    Translate({path, start_time, end_time, duration=1000, start_state, end_state, amt, curve='linear', unit='px'})

    // move an element's absolute or fixed position using {top, left}
    TranslateTo({path, start_time, end_time, duration=1000, start_state, end_state, amt, curve='linear', unit='px'})

    // aniamte an element changing opacity
    Opacity({path, start_time, end_time, duration, start_state, end_state, amt, curve='linear', unit=null})

    // rotate an element using transform: rotate(deg)
    Rotate({path, start_time, end_time, duration, start_state, end_state, amt, curve='linear', unit='deg'})

// Composable Higher-Order Animations (aka functions)

    // make each animation in a sequence start after the last one ends
    Sequential(animations, start_time)

    // repeat a single animation or set of animations simultaneously
    Repeat(animations, repeat=Infinity)
    
    // repeat a sequence of animations in order
    RepeatSequence(animations, repeat, start_time)

    // reverse a single animation or set of animations simultaneously
    Reverse(animations)
    
    // reverse a sequence of animations in order
    ReverseSequence(animations, start_time)
```

### Queueing Animations

## Advanced

### Custom Animations

**Composing Existing Animations**

**Custom JS Tick Functions**

### Writing CSS Animations

**JS Tick + CSS Transform**

**JS Tick + CSS Animation**

### Optimization

**React Optimization**

**Redux Optimization**

**Redux-Time Optimization**

## Troubleshooting

---
<img src="examples/static/jeremy.jpg" height="40px" style="float:right"/>

MIT License | [Monadical](https://monadical.com) SAS 2017 ([we're hiring!](https://monadical.com/apply))
